---
title: Jessica's Night
date: 2026-01-29T11:11:00.000-05:00
excerpt: " "
---
“Bye, Dad. Thanks for helping me move in.” I hugged him one last time before stepping back onto the sidewalk. My first year of college—and somehow, the unfamiliar already feels like home. As I walk up to my dorm room, I pause and look around. I spot a beautiful weeping willow, tucked in the back of the courtyard. I walk over to take a closer look, and as I get closer I notice someone sitting on one of the branches. It’s a girl, reading some book I couldn't quite make out. I stand beneath her and introduce myself. “Hey, I'm Jessica. What book are you reading?” She looks down and meets my gaze. “I’m Grace.” She says, “I’m reading Orbiting Jupiter." “I’ve never heard of it. What's it about?” I ask looking up into the beautiful tree. “It’s about a troubled young boy falling in love, having a baby then getting taken away. It's really good.” She replied. We talk for the next half hour about books, moving in, and our favorite spots around campus. As the conversation dies out, we exchange numbers and go back to our dorms.
	Once I make it back to the dorm, I grab some popcorn and sit down on the couch.
The next morning, I wake up to an email: Reminder— Summer Psychology project due Friday.
I jolt upright, panic hitting instantly. I text Grace, since we are in the same psych class. “Hey, do you know anything about sleep studies?” she types back, “Yeah I know a bunch about it, why?” I quickly type, “I have a summer project I was supposed to do on them. Do you think you could come over and help me?” “Yeah! I can come over in an hour.” she replies. “Thank you SO much.” I type as I go to grab my books. While I'm waiting for Grace to get here I decide to do as much research as I can. Once Grace gets here we get to work on the actual project. I was really interested in sleep studies, specifically how sleep deprivation impacted concentration and memory. We logged sleep patterns from other studies, analyzed data from professional studies done by our school, and added all of my prior research. It was around four in the morning when we finished. I let Grace sleep over so she wouldn't have to walk home in the dark. The next day I turned in my assignment right on time. I got a perfect score, thanks to Grace. To celebrate, me, Grace, and some of my other friends I made in the psych class went out for drinks. As the night came to an end, we all said our goodbyes and went back to our dorms. Right before I fell asleep, looking at my ceiling in bed, I think, “This year is going to be special.” then drift off to sleep. CHAPTER 2
	Around three weeks later, I was at the top of my class, I had a bunch of friends, and had met this new girl, Madison. We became close after we were grouped together on an assignment. We worked great together, I had the brains for research and she put it all together. One day after class we walked down to Ruby’s diner, the best restaurant on campus. We sat down at a booth waiting for the waitress to come over. While looking at the menu, Madison said, “Look at that boy over there.” “He’s cute.” I reply. “Well? That's it? Go talk to him!” she says nudging me. “No, he looks busy.” I said, “And our waitress is coming over right now.” We ordered, and as we were finishing Madison said, “He’s leaving! Go talk to him. You may not get the chance again.” “No, I'm eating.” I reply while fidgeting with my necklace. “Fine, your loss.” Madison says with a smirk. “I’ll see him around campus.” I think to myself, trying desperately to convince myself of it. We pay our bill and leave. The rest of the day I hang out at the library reading. The next day, while reading under the weeping willow me and grace met at, my phone buzzes. “You guys want to go see a show at that new theater downtown?” I reply, “Sure! That sounds fun.” A few of my other friends agreed too and we set the date and time. The next day I got ready to go to the show. Grace couldn't go since she had work to do, but Madison said she would go with me. I drive over to Madison's house to get ready and get gas before we go. I was buzzing with excitement for the night ahead. CHAPTER 3 
	Me and Madison get ready at her house before starting the trip. We had bought tickets the night before so we wouldn't have to wait in lines. Once we made it to the theater, we looked around for my friends. We couldn't find them, so I texted the group. “Hey guys, anyone else here? I can’t find anyone.” Nobody answers. After waiting around fifteen minutes we see my friends coming out of the theater all laughing together. Me and Madison walk over and ask where they have been and why nobody will answer. “Oh, we thought you guys knew.” they said. “Knew what?” I ask, getting irritated. “That you were just invited because we felt bad. You only ever talk to that Madison girl.” they respond “Wow, that's SO nice of you.” I say getting heated, “Inviting me and not even telling me the right time. Come on Madison, we have a show to watch.” I storm away with Madison following close behind. Once we get out of view from my so-called friends, I sit down. Head down, hiding my face behind my hair. “Hey, Jessica, are you ok?” Madison asks. “I don't know.” I respond. “I was just feeling welcomed and seen, finally. I thought things were finally settling down.” Every word feeling like a dagger. “I'm so sorry Jessica.” Madison answers. “The show starts in twenty minutes, you want to go find a seat?” “Sure.” I reply begrudgingly. We walk in and find two open seats a few rows up. “Hey, isn’t that the boy from the diner?” Madison asks, pointing up the stairs. “Oh my goodness it is.” I reply. “Hey, it looks like he’s trying to find a seat.” Madison says. “Why don’t I go sit a few rows up so he can sit next to you. There are really no other seats besides one up there so it works out perfectly.” “No, It’s ok-” I try to say but Madison was already gone. I sit alone, fidgeting with my necklace, when, all of a sudden I hear, “Is this seat taken?” It’s the boy from the diner, I panic, and say “I was going to save the seat for someone but, I guess you can sit here.” What are you saying? " I scream at myself inside my head. He sits down while I try not to look embarrassed. I look over and catch him staring. “You ok?” I ask, silently laughing to myself. “Yeah, sorry.” He replies, blushing. “Whats your name?” he asks. “Oh, it's Jessica.” I reply, still twirling my necklace. “Whats yours?” I ask, stuttering slightly. “It’s Wyatt.” He replies smiling slightly. The show starts and is mildly entertaining. But throughout the show I catch glimpses of him looking at me, not in a creepy way, just like he couldn’t control himself. Twirling my necklace thinking about earlier, I hear, “Who were you holding the seat for?”  I feel embarrassed, “Why did I say that?” I think. “ I wasn't really holding it for anyone. I don't know why I said that.” I say, nervously laughing. He asks, “Are you alone tonight?” “Yeah.” I reply. Forgetting about Madison for the time being. “My friends, if you can even call them that, left me for some other show earlier tonight.” Oh, that's rough.” He replies. After a few minutes of the show he asks, “Do you go to school around here?” Yeah, I'm enrolled at the college down the street.” I reply. “I do too!” he says enthusiastically. “What are you majoring in?” I'm taking psychology,"I reply, “what about you?” “Machanical engineering.” he replies smiling. Madison texts me, “I need to get back to my dorm, I don't feel great and I need to sleep. Are you going to be ok here?” “Yeah, I'm good. I’ll send you a refund for the uber tomorrow.” I reply. I put down my phone, and as I look over, we lock eyes for a moment, time freezing for that split moment. We start talking throughout the rest of the show. About how both our friend groups left us. About how college is going. And the more I talk to him, the more I feel that connection. The feeling that only means one thing, love. Near the end of the show when everything seems quiet, I move my hand, slowly, resting it on top of his. He doesn’t resist, our hands clasp together and I lean my head on his shoulder. When the lights come up, we talk for a little bit longer before giving him my number. Right before I leave I say, “Call me tomorrow.” I smile as I walk back to my car. CHAPTER 4 
	The next day, the hurt of what my friends had done followed me like a shadow. The only thing keeping me going was the quiet anticipation of a text from Wyatt. Throughout all my classes, all I could think about was him. The connection we had, the way he made me feel safe. While I was walking home after class I got a text, the name popped up, Wyatt. I nervously opened the message. “Hey, I had a great time last night. We should do something again soon.” I feel my heart start to flutter, as I twist my necklace trying to come up with something to say. “I eventually just type out, “I had a great time too.” Anxiously pressing send. I stare at my screen waiting nervously for him to reply. “Do you want to go out again this weekend?” he asks. I think, “He wants to see me again!” The anxiety gone, I reply, “It’s a date.” and as I pressed send I let out a deep breath, a burden feeling lifted. I go through the next few days of classes thinking about the date. What I should wear, what I should say, what I should do. Saturday arrives and the nerves are trying their best to get to me. But when I look at his texts, like a magic remedy, the nerves go away. I put on my favorite red dress, did my hair into a messy bun, and put on my fanciest perfume. My phone buzzes, it’s Wyatt. “I just pulled up, are you ready?” he asks. I text back, “Give me five minutes.” I do one final check to make sure everything is perfect. I look at myself in the mirror, a smile lifts my face as I let out a deep breath, and walk outside. I walk to his car, and as I get in, I look at him. Black dress pants, a brown dress jacket, and black undershirt. “Sorry to keep you waiting.” I say, blushing slightly. A moment passes, he looks away,”It's no problem.” He says smiling. We talk all the way to the restaurant. Everything from music, to cars. We pull into the parking lot and park. Before I have the chance, he gets out, walks around to my side, opens my door and helps me out of the car. I smile, take his hand and walk inside. Throughout the night we talk about life before college, what we want for our futures, what we want out of life. We finish our food, he pays the bill, and we walk back to the car. “Can I show you my favorite spot to go around here?” he asks. I agree and we drive to a ridge overlooking the ocean. We sit on the hood of his car, watching the sun go down. The darker it gets the colder it is. “Are you cold?” he asks. “ A little bit.” I reply. He goes and grabs a hoodie from the back of his car. We sit watching the ocean lap at the beach. He wraps his arm around me, and I move closer to him. My head rests on his arm as the mesmerizing sounds of the sea enter my ears. I fall asleep on his arm, in his hoodie. I wake up back in the car, he’s driving me home. “Thank you, for tonight.” I say , my voice calm for the first time in months. As we pull up to my dorm building, I look at the picture we took in front of the sea. Just me, and someone who loves me. He walks me back up to my dorm. “Thanks for the ride.” I say. Before I go inside, I turn around, I lean in, grab his shirt and kiss him. “Thank you.” he says with a shy smile. I smile back. Then walk inside and close the door. I stand there for a moment, his cologne lingering, stuck on the hoodie. I walk over to the window and watch, as he goes back to his car and drives away. Before I drift off to sleep, I replay the entire night in my head. I look at the picture we took and think, “I can’t wait to see him again.” 

