---
title: "One night "
date: 1901-01-27T10:36:00.000-05:45
excerpt: " "
---




It was my first day of college. I was nervous about starting anew in such an unfamiliar environment. Everyone had already unpacked, and looked like they had it all together. But in the back of my head there was a spark, something telling me this was going to be a good year. After moving all of my belongings into my dorm, I decided to go have lunch. My friend David was waiting for me at the diner down the street. “Hey man, how’s moving in going?” he asked. “It’s going fine.” I said. “I haven't unpacked too much but I got all my boxes out of my car and into the dorm.” After lunch, David and I split ways so I could get back to unpacking. 

On my way back to my dorm, I took the longer route to look around campus. While I was walking through the courtyard, I accidentally ran into the girl I had met earlier that day. “Oh hey, Grace, sorry I didn't see you coming.” “It's alright.” she said while I helped her pick up her books. “Where are you off to in such a rush?” I asked. “My friend needs help studying for a project she has due soon.” she said. “Oh, well good luck.” I said as we parted.

	Once I made it back to my dorm, I unpacked the rest of my belongings before taking a nap. I woke up to a loud buzz coming from the other room. Stanly, my roommate, was blending his leftover fruit salad from the night before to make a smoothie. “Oh hey Wyatt you fully unpacked yet?’ he asked. “Yeah I am, I was trying to take a nap but that can wait I guess.” I answered groggily. “Oh sorry man, I'll try and keep it down.” I went back into my room to organize all of my books.

 As I flipped through my books, my phone buzzed with a message from the groupchat of all my friends.”You guys want to go watch that new horror movie that just came out?” I replied “sure.” Even though I'm not a fan of horror movies, it had been a long time since I had seen anyone in the group. The next day after dinner we went and saw the movie. “That was pretty lame.” Carl said. “I know right? There were barely any jumpscares or anything.” David replied. We all hung out in the lobby talking for the next hour catching up on each other's lives. Around midnight, David's phone buzzed. “That's my girlfriend, she needs me to go pick her up.” he said. We all said goodbye and David left. “I should probably get going too.” Carl said getting up. “See you later man.” I said as we all got up and started walking to our cars. Once home, I showered and went to bed thinking, “maybe it won’t be so bad here afterall.” 	 CHAPTER 2

	It’s been three weeks since college started classes and I have finally settled in. I stopped at the dining hall before my first class to grab a snack. Walking into the lecture hall, I groaned. All the good seats were taken and my friends were all sitting together with nowhere for me. I reluctantly sat down in the back of the hall. It was almost impossible to hear the lecture and I was constantly getting distracted by the outcasts next to me. I decided that it wasn’t worth it and got up and left. While waiting for my next class I saw Ashley, David’s girlfriend. I walked over to see why she was here since she was enrolled in a different college not too far from mine. “Oh hey Wyatt.” she said “im here to see David. There's something really important I have to tell him.” “Oh?” I replied. “What is it you need to tell him? Maybe I can pass it on if I see him later.” “No.” she said “This is something I need to tell him in person.” “Oh. Well tell him I want to meet for lunch at Ruby’s diner for lunch. My phone is broken and won’t charge so I can't get a hold of him.”I’ll tell him for you.” she replied. “Thanks, I need to get to my next class. Nice seeing you.” I walked away going to my next class. At lunch I was waiting at Ruby’s for David, but he never showed up. I was going to be late for my last class of the day so I left. The next day as I was walking from class I saw David, sitting at the base of a tree slouching. I walked over and asked, “ where were you yesterday dude? You missed lunch at Ruby’s.” He didn't say anything. As I looked closer his eyes were bloodshot and teary. “What happened? I asked. “You don't look so good.” “She left me,” he said. “She said she met someone at the class she’s doing, and is tired of needing to travel if she wants to see me.” “Aw man, I'm really sorry to hear that. You ok?” I replied quietly. “I don't know man.” “She was what kept me going in the hard times.” he said, putting his head on his knees. “Man, let's get the group together and go do something tomorrow night. It is the weekend after all.” I said pulling him up off the ground. “What do you want to do? Bowling? A movie?” “you know what.” he said “there's this new theater place I've been dying to go to.” “Well then let's do that. I'll text the group chat and set up a time.” I replied. CHAPTER 3

	Before leaving for the theater I did one last check to make sure nobody had changed times in the groupchat. Nothing seemed to have changed so I got in my car and drove to the show. Getting there early, I went to a restaurant next door to get a drink. Once it was time for us to meet, I walked back over to the theater. When I walked in I saw all of my friends, besides David, sitting together in a section. I went over to get a seat but there was nowhere to sit. “Where am I going to sit guys?” I asked. They all looked at each other nervously. “Sorry dude, we must have forgotten to tell you the time switch.” Turns out they had a group chat with everyone but me and David. I looked around and saw David sitting a few rows down. I walked over and asked if he knew about the time switch. “I had no idea. I think they just left us out man.” he said looking as disappointed as I did. As I go to sit down I notice the girl sitting a few seats over, blonde hair, silky skin, and a shining smile. I stand back up and whisper in David’s ear, "I'm going to come back and you gotta be my wingman.” I got you.” he replies. I walk down a few stairs to go to the bathroom, but security stops me. “Sit down or you will have to leave for interrupting the show.” they say. I comply and walk down a few steps and ask, “is this seat taken?” Then with a voice soft as silk, “Well I was saving it for someone but.. I guess you can sit here,”she says while fidgeting with the latin cross on her necklace.  As I sit down I look over to get a better look at her. It hit me, her light brown hair,  warm autumn brown eyes, and light tan skin that was smoother than the summer air. I stop myself from staring but it's too late. She giggles, “You ok?” “Yeah, sorry.” I say, embarrassed. “What was your name?” I ask as the show starts. “It's Jessica.” she says softly. Throughout the show I find my eyes drifting back over to her. A connection that felt natural, yet foreign. “Who were you holding the seat for?” I asked. “Oh I don't know why I said that.” She says awkwardly laughing. “Are you alone tonight?” I ask. “Yeah my friends ditched me earlier for some other show.” she sighs looking down at the floor. “Well maybe it was for the best. If you weren't here I would have never been able to meet you.” I say, immediately feeling like an idiot. “You’re funny.” she says, smiling slightly. “Do you go to college around here?” I ask. “Yeah, I go to the university down the road.” “I do too!” I say, trying not to look excited. “What are you majoring in?” I ask. “I'm taking psychology. What about you?” she asks. “Im doing mechanical engineering. I replied. I feel a silent buzz in my pocket. It's David texting me, “yo are you going to come back? This girl is about to leave.” I reply “I'm good, I found someone to talk to.” “So do you still need me to wingman?” he asks. “No, I'm good.” I reply as I smile and look back over at Jessica. We start talking, and after a while the show fades into the background. Without warning, her hand slips onto mine, soft and cool. I feel her fingers tighten slightly. Like she’s holding onto this moment as much as I am. My heart races, then slows everything in me, calming for the first time in years. As the show comes to an end she gives me her number and says,”call me tomorrow.” and after giving me a soft gentle smile, she walks away. CHAPTER FOUR

	The next day after finishing my classes for the day I text Jessica. “Hey, I had a great time last night.” “We should do something again soon.” The regret hits immediately. “She's going to think I'm clingy.” I think, as I try to unsend the message, but it's too late. She sees my message and starts typing. The thirty seconds I'm waiting feel like hours as I pace back and forth, panicking.A message pops up. “I had a great time too.” I let out a sigh of relief seeing it. “Do you want to go out to eat this weekend?” I ask as confidence is building up inside of me. “It's a date.” she says sending a smiley face emoji. The next few days of classes felt like forever. Hours stretching on like they would never end. But finally Saturday arrives. I spent the entire day getting ready. Telling myself, “I’m not going to mess this up.” I put on the fanciest clothes I own and go slightly overboard on cologne. When I left to pick Jessica up I felt ready. Not cocky or nervous, just ready. When I make it to her dorm building, I text to see if she is ready to go. She texts back “Give me five minutes I’ll be right down.” Five minutes later she walks out, in the most breathtaking red dress. Her hair done up into a messy bun with the rest falling down her back. She walks over and gets in the car. I again am hit with the natural yet foreign feeling I get when I see her. “Sorry for making you wait.” She says, fidgeting with her necklace. I pause, forgetting everything for a moment, then manage,“It’s no problem.” with a slight smile. As we drive through town to the restaurant, we talk. About our favorite music, our hobbies, favorite sports, anything that comes to mind. We pull into the parking lot of the restaurant. I walk around the side of the car and open her door. She looks like a supermodel walking down the red carpet. We walk in and go to our table. Throughout the night we talk about shared interests. Cars, conspiracies, music. As we are finishing our meals, I look into her eyes. Into the deep amber sunsets of her eyes. After dinner we drove to a ridge overlooking the ocean to watch the sunset. We lay on the hood of my car deep into the darkness. I see her start to fidget with her necklace, “are you cold?” I ask. “A little bit,” she says. I go and grab my hoodie from the back seat for her. Around ten she said “I haven't felt this feeling in a long time.” I  wrap my arm around her as she falls asleep. I carry her back to the car and place her in the back seat. Still asleep. I drive back to her dorm. She wakes up right before we make it back. “Thanks for taking me back.” she says. I walk her back to her dorm room. Before she goes inside, she turns, looks at me,leans in, grabs my shirt, and kisses me. “That's your payment for the hoodie,” she says, blushing. She walks into her dorm and just before she closes the door, I smile and say, “Thank you.” She smiles back, and I swear time slows before the door shuts. Her perfume lingers as if she was still here. Walking back to my car I think, “I can’t wait to see her again.”
